The files are not deleted in the Backend Module. (#354)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-Installation: Documentation/Major/PreupgradeTasks/ConvertGlobalExtensions.rst.txt

*   Go to the :guilabel:`Admin Tools > Extensions` backend module.
*   Uninstall the global extension.

> *   Use a file tool to delete the directory of the extension and its files from :file:`typo3/ext/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   On a filesystem-level of the installation (for example, via SSH shell
or S/FTP), delete the directory including files and subdirectories of the 
corresponding extension directory in :file:`typo3/ext/`.
```
